feat: allow notarization on macOS versions down to 10.15 (#201)
electron/notarize: README.md

  If you are using Electron 11 or below, you must add the `com.apple.security.cs.allow-unsigned-executable-memory` entitlement too.
  When using version 12+, this entitlement should not be applied as it increases your app's attack surface.

### Notarization on older macOS versions

> Xcode 13 is available from macOS 11.3, but notarization can be performed on systems down to macOS 10.5 ([source](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/technotes/tn3147-migrating-to-the-latest-notarization-tool#Enable-notarization-on-an-older-version-of-macOS)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Xcode 13 is available from macOS 11.3, but notarization can be performed on systems down to macOS 10.15
(see [TN3147](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/technotes/tn3147-migrating-to-the-latest-notarization-tool#Enable-notarization-on-an-older-version-of-macOS) for more information).
```
